gh-135228: When @dataclass(slots=True) replaces a dataclass, make the original class collectible (take 2) (#137047)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-07-20-16-56-55.gh-issue-135228.n_XIao.rst

When :mod:`dataclasses` replaces a class with a slotted dataclass, the

> original class is now garbage collected again. Earlier changes in Python
> 3.14 caused this class to remain in existence together with the replacement
> class synthesized by :mod:`dataclasses`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
original class can now be garbage collected again. Earlier changes in Python
3.14 caused this class to always remain in existence together with the replacement
class synthesized by :mod:`dataclasses`.
```

Author: Good catch, thanks
